# TITLE : 
    Nestwealth & Robo Advising : The rise and effectS of the virtual financial advisor.
# Origin and overview :
     Legal Name of Company : Nestwealth Asset Management Inc.
     The company was fonded in 2014 by Randy Cass and was incorporated in 2015.
     Nestwealth is the Canada's first software as a service based digital wealth management platform. It also empower wealth managemnt firms and individual advisors to provide        and manage virtually any investment for any investor through any distribution channel.
     The company has raised capital to run the daily operations primarily through ventures.
     Two of the biggest investors in Nest Wealth are :
         1. The National Bank of Canada 
         2. NAventures.
     According to crunchbase.com the cumulative funds raised by Nest wealth are approximately 55.9 Millions CAD $.
     he annual revenue being generated by company = 7.42 Millions $ USD.
# BUSINESS ACTIVITIES :
## Business Solutions :
     They provide the following solutions to thier clients :
         1.Individual investor Solutions:
             Nest Wealth offers automated portfolio rebalancing through its proprietary algorithms to mitigate risk and volatility according to the nature of the investor and                produce favourable returns.
         2.Financial Advisor Solutions:
            Product being offered to such clients : Nestwealth Plus.
         3.Enterprise Solutions.
         4.Group RRSP Solutions.
     For individual investor and financial advisors the primary tool used by nest wealth are ETFs.
     The company targets customers of diverse financial standings, from retail investor to institutional investor and offer services to finacial advisors aswell.
 ## Market Size :
         Acoording to Globe Newswire Canada Asset Management market registered a CAGR of 7.54 % during 2012 - 2017.This industry in Canada is expected to grow at a faster rate            to CAD $ 400 billions by 2024.
 ## Differentiating factors :
         When compared to one of its popular competitors there are a few things that are missing in Nest Wealth, which ae as follows :
             1. There are no products offered by Nest Weatlh regarding socially responsible investing , exclusively.
             2. Wealth simple also offers Halal investing which is in compliance with shariah.
         This gives an edge to wealth simple over Nest wealth as they can target not only financially diverse investors but those who have specific priorities when it comes to            investing.
         Following are the points where the company has an edge over its competitors :
             1. Subscription base fee : Starting at 20$ and capped at 80$ per month.
             2. Custom build portfolio according to each individual.   
# LAND SCAPE :
## Domain :
         Nestwealth falls under the domain of *Robo-advising*. The fundamental building block of this domain is Markowitz Mean variance optimization which take two factors as  inputs, which are as follows :
             1. Vector of mean returns. (Mean Return is the expected value or mean of all the likely returns of investments comprising a portfolio.)
             2. Variance-covariance matrix. (Variance is the square of sum of daily returns , Covariance indicates the realtion of two variables when one of them changes.)
## Robo advising :
         Robo advising cunducts a survey about the investor and based on the input of data froms the portfolio that is tailored according to the need and personality of the              investor. This technology removes many in-efficiencies , behavioural bias being one of them. 
## Effects of Robo-advising :
         Diversification of portfolio : 
             According to a research conducted by Nagpurnanand Prabhala ( CareyBusiness School, John Hopkins University.), One of the most notable and beneficial effect of this              technology was seen among individuals whose portfolio lacked diversity.
         Portfolio performance :
             The market adjusted portfolio performance increased among such individuals after the use of robo-advising and this, according to the author , is attributed to the                fact that their portfolio became more diversed.
         Increase in Assets under management :
             According to 2016 S&P global market intelligence report, the assets under management at that point were 98.62 billion and the projected growth rate is 40 % annualy.
         Companies that have employed robo-advising in their operations :
             1. Justwealth
             2. Questrade Portfolios
             3. Wealthsimple
# RESULTS :
     Performance Metrics :
         Following performance metrics can be utilized to analyze the progress of a company :
             1. Annual Revenue generated.
             2. Number of Clients subscribed.
             3. Assets Under Management.     
# RECOMMENDATIONS :
     I believe with a few additions in the products and sub subproducts being offered by the company they can increase their number of clients and subsequently their profits.
## Halal portfolio investments :
         This would require a change in their operations as the main tool they use are ETF's, but this would require certain filters to render the investements as Halal, or they          can make a basket of such diversified stocks that fall under this category and offer this as an investment vehicle to the interested clients.
## Better Marketting :
         Currently their focus on marketing themselves is passive when compared with their competitors. They can benefit from digital marketting in my opinion.
## Risk Mitigation :
            If we have learned anything from history is that we are doomed to repeat it. Algorithms ,albeit altered, are based on theories such as Modern Portfolio theory and               thoery of probablity, certain significant events that happened in the past (for example : the 1987 crash , the blow up of LTCM being run by the same nobel prizr                 economists who canme up with these theories , the 2000 crash, 2006-08 crash) are the evidence in themselves that tails of the probability curve are indeed fatter                 than thought of. Certain individuals like Nassim Nicholas Taled , Beniot Mandlebrot, who beleive the inefficiences of the aforementioned theories have done                       significant work on risk mitigation and their work must be incorporated when designing any portfolio.
            I beleive that by including the suugestions mentioned above the company can significantly increase their business and this may give them an edge over their                       competitors. 
